docs(git): add docs for git related topics (#9)
paastech-cloud/docs: Architecture.md

***TODO: [GIT] how are the projects stored and how is authentication handled upon push***

As all PaaS providers, PaaSTech needs to store the code of the projects created by its Clients. This is done using a Git repository, which is created upon Project creation. The repository is then exposed to the Client, who can push their code to it.

We chose to use Git to store the code of the projects, because it is the most used version control system, and is the most adapted to store code. Using it makes the integration seamless for users who are probably already using git.

##### Creating and deleting repositories

When a Client initializes a new Project, a new Git repository has to be created; it also has to be deleted when the Project itself is deleted.

The repository is created using the [`git init`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-init) command. The repository is then stored in a directory, which is named after the **Project's id**. It is stored on the host machine.

> For now, it is not scalable, as the git repositories are stored on the host machine. In future version, the storage could be moved to a dedicated storage server, a distrubuted storage system or a bucket storage system.
> 
> In that sense, to prepare for future versions, the git controller is a **separated component** from the rest of the application, designed to be **stateless**, and only stores the repositories on the host machine. It does not store any information about the repositories, and only uses the **Project's id** to name the repository's directory. This way, the git controller can be scaled horizontally, and, if needed, the repositories can be stored on a dedicated storage server after adding a layer of authorization.
> 
> Since it is separated it needs to communicate with the rest of the application. It was achieved using [gRPC](https://grpc.io/), which is a high performance RPC framework. It is used to create a bidirectional stream between the git controller and the rest of the application. The git controller can then receive commands from the rest of the application, and send back the result of the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, it is not scalable, as the git repositories are stored on the host machine. In future versions, the storage could be moved to a dedicated storage server, a distributed storage system or a bucket storage system.

In that sense, to prepare for future versions, the git controller is a **separated component** from the rest of the application, designed to be **stateless**, and only stores the repositories on the host machine. It does not store any information about the repositories and only uses the **Project's id** to name the repository's directory. This way, the git controller can be scaled horizontally, and, if needed, the repositories can be stored on a dedicated storage server after adding a layer of authorization.

Since the git controller is separated from the other components, it needs to communicate with the rest of the application. This was achieved using [gRPC](https://grpc.io/), which is a high performance RPC framework. It is used to create a bidirectional stream between the git controller and the rest of the application. The git controller can then receive commands from the rest of the application and send back the result of the command.
```

We made the choice to use gRPC instead of a REST API. Indeed, since it uses [protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers), it is easier to maintain and to evolve as the application grows. It is also more performant than a REST API, and is easier to use, since it is strongly typed. It's supported on different languages also makes it easier to use. It also limits communication problems between teams and services, since the communication is well defined and documented through the protobuf file.

> It was made in Rust for its high performance, reliability, robustness and memory safety using the [tonic](https://github.com/hyperium/tonic) framework, which is a Rust implementation of gRPC. It was chosen because it is the most used gRPC framework in Rust, and is well documented.

Reviewer: Clarify the introductory `It`. Are you talking about protobuf, or the git controller?
Same goes for the second `It`. Is it Tonic or the git controller?

Here's an overview of the interactions of the git controller:

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant API
    participant GitRepoManager
    participant HostMachine

    API ->> GitRepoManager: CreateProject / DeleteProject
    GitRepoManager ->> HostMachine: git init / rm -rf project_id
    HostMachine -->> GitRepoManager: Ok

>     GitRepoManager -->> API: Ok

Reviewer: Is it `GitRepoManager` or `GitController`?

Besides, you may want to distinguish project creation and project deletion. This is confusing to read and could be split up easily.

```

##### Authentication

Once the repositories are stored, the clients need to be able to push to them.

In order to let the users push to thoses repositories, we need to give them access to the host machine. An easy solution would be to give them a ssh access to the host machine with servers like [sshd](https://www.openssh.com/). However, this would give them access to the whole host machine, which is not what we want. Indeed, we want to limit the access of the clients to their own repositories, and not to the whole host machine.

> One solution would be to use a git server like [gitea](https://gitea.io/en-us/) or [gitlab](https://about.gitlab.com/), which provide a full-fledged git service, with authentication and authorization. However, this would require to maintain a full git server, with possibly duplicated data, which is not the goal of PaaSTech.

Reviewer: Please use `Gitea` and `Gitlab` with capital letters when naming them

Author: fixed: 153bb917b1d323bf3333819a461dc61343b0972c

The option we chose is to create a custom git server, which handles the authentication and authorization of the clients, and then execute only the command `git-receive-pack` which is used to push to a repository. This way, the clients can only push to their own repositories, and not to the whole host machine.

> The advantage of this solution is that it is lightweight and give us full control over the authentication and authorization of the clients. It also allows us to use the same authentication and authorization system as the rest of the application, which is easier to maintain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of this solution is that it is lightweight and gives us full control over the authentication and authorization of the clients.
It also allows us to use the same authentication and authorization system as the rest of the Service, which is easier to maintain.
```

The git server is written in golang, for its simplicity and its performance. It is also well documented, and has a lot of libraries to help us build the server, unlike Rust which was the original choice. The libraries used are [ssh made by gliderlabs](https://github.com/gliderlabs/ssh) which is used to create git clients and servers. It is also used by [gitea](https://about.gitea.com) to create their git server.

The authentication and authorization process is the following:

- The client connects to the git server using ssh via `git push`
- The git server checks if the client is authenticated using the ssh key provided by the client by matching it against the ssh keys stored in the database
    - If the client is not authenticated, the connection is closed
- The git server checks if the client is authorized to push to the repository by checking if the client is the owner of the repository
    - If the client is not authorized, the connection is closed

> - The git server executes the command `git-receive-pack` which is used to push to a repository

Reviewer: Please use a numbered list instead of a bulleted list when describing steps to follow in order

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Client
    participant GitServer
    participant Database
    participant HostMachine

    Client->>GitServer: git-send-pack repository_name (git push)
    GitServer->>Database: Is the ssh key in the database?
    Database-->>GitServer: result
    alt Authenticated
        GitServer->>Database: Is the ssh key linked to the repository ?
        Database-->>GitServer: result
        alt Authorized
            GitServer->>HostMachine: Execute git-receive-pack
            HostMachine-->>GitServer: Push Successful (from host)
            GitServer-->>Client: Push Successful (continue)
        else Not Authorized
            GitServer-->>Client: Connection Closed (Not Authorized)
        end
    else Not Authenticated
        GitServer-->>Client: Connection Closed (Not Authenticated)
    end
```

##### Building images

> Once the code is finally pushed to the repository, it needs to be built in order to be deployed. Since the strategy we chose is [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), the code needs to be built into a docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the code is finally pushed to the repository, it needs to be built in order to be deployed. Since the strategy we have chosen is [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), the code needs to be built into a Docker image.
```

> In that essence, since the client code can be written in any language, we need to be able to build the code in any language. To do so, we use [buildpacks](https://buildpacks.io/), which is a tool to build code in any language into a docker image. It is used by [heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) to build their applications.

Reviewer: Please use `Heroku` with a capital letter

Author: fixed: fbd89973c599eff1602cc3b48436ab84c59606fa

> How can we trigger the build of the image ? For a first version, we chose to use [git hooks](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks) to trigger a bash script which will build the image on the host machine. This is not scalable, as the build is done on the host machine. It also poses questions about security risks since our ssh server needs to be able to access the docker daemon on the host machine. But it is a good first step to test the concept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can we trigger the build of the image? For a first version, we chose to use [git hooks](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks) to trigger a bash script which will build the image on the host machine.
This is not scalable, as the build is done on the host machine.
It also poses questions about security risks since our ssh server needs to be able to access the docker daemon on the host machine. But it is a good first step to test the concept.
```

Some builders might not be able to build the code without configuration, hence, we need to be able to configure the buildpacks. To do so, the client can store a file called `buildpacks.json` in the `paastech` directory which will allow the user to configure the buildpacks. The file is a json file, which contains the configuration of the buildpacks. It is then used by the git hook to configure buildpacks. Here's the structure of the file:

```yaml
buildpacks:
  path: "."
  builder: "paketobuildpacks/builder:full"
  buildpack: "paketo-buildpacks/web-servers"
  env:
    - "BP_WEB_SERVER=nginx"
    - "BP_WEB_SERVER_ROOT=dist"
}

> ```

Reviewer: You indicate above that the file is a JSON, but you display a YAML file. Also, the last line is a closing bracket with no opening bracket whatsoever. Can you please fix this?

Author: fixed: d1fa38001144e77236b4d31dfa45aa1023afd45b

***TODO: [GIT] how are the projects stored and how is authentication handled upon push***

> As all PaaS providers, PaaSTech needs to store the code of the projects created by its clients. This is done using a Git repository, which is created upon project creation. The repository is then exposed to the client, who can push its code to it.

Reviewer: Please use `Client` instead of `client`, as it refers to the Definitions. `its` => `their`, it's the Clients' code and Clients are not objects.

```suggestion
As all PaaS providers, PaaSTech needs to store the code of the projects created by its Clients. This is done using a Git repository, which is created upon project creation. The repository is then exposed to the Client, who can push their code to it.
```

We chose to use Git to store the code of the projects, because it is the most used version control system, and is the most adapted to store code. Using it makes the integration seamless for users who are probably already using git.

##### Creating and deleting repositories

> When a user initializes a new project, a new repository has to be created, it also has to be deleted when the project is deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Cl;ient initializes a new Project, a new Git repository has to be created; it also has to be deleted when the Project itself is deleted.
```

Author: fixed in : 1605b01ae29d29b16fac44effe7e065ddb570491

> The repository is created using the [git init](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-init) command. The repository is then stored in a directory, which is named after the **project's id**. It is stored on the host machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository is created using the [`git init`](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-init) command. The repository is then stored in a directory, which is named after the **Project's id**. It is stored on the host machine.
```

Author: fixed in ff0de43117079e021117d93e73349ac7ba12eee1

For now, it is not scalable, as the git repositories are stored on the host machine. In future version, the storage could be moved to a dedicated storage server, a distrubuted storage system or a bucket storage system.

In that sense, to prepare for future versions, the git controller is a separated component from the rest of the application, designed to be stateless, and only stores the repositories on the host machine. It does not store any information about the repositories, and only uses the project's id to name the repository's directory. This way, the git controller can be scaled horizontally, and, if needed, the repositories can be stored on a dedicated storage server after adding a layer of authorization.

> Since it is separated it needs to communicate with the rest of the application. It was achieved using [gRPC](https://grpc.io/), which is a high performance RPC framework. It is used to create a bidirectional stream between the git controller and the rest of the application. The git controller can then receive commands from the rest of the application, and send back the result of the command.

Reviewer: Please use `Project` instead of `project`, and add a capital letter to `Git` when talking about the software itself

Author: fixed in : a770541f86f8b0f2b7f48c794281bd00b03089d5

> We made the choice to use gRPC instead of a REST API. Indeed, since it uses [protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers), it is easier to maintain and to evolve as the application grows. It is also more performant than a REST API, and is easier to use, since it is strongly typed. It's support on different languages also makes it easier to use. It also limits communication problematics between teams and services, since the communication is well defined and documented through the protobuf file.

Reviewer: ```
- problematics => problems
- "It's support on" => "Its support of"

Author: I agree on the first point, however I think the second one should be "It's supported on"

Fix here : f0988bb2ab791141eaf1c82d3b5a2e9618d37c7e

> It was made in rust for its high performance, reliability, robustness and memory safety using the [tonic](https://github.com/hyperium/tonic) framework, which is a rust implementation of gRPC. It was chosen because it is the most used gRPC framework in rust, and is well documented.

Reviewer: Please add a capital letter to Rust

Author: 2f430daa845a0ba36796d18c363a663aba10cd4c

##### Authentication

Once the repositories are stored, the clients need to be able to push to them.

> In order to let the users push to thoses repositories, we need to give them access to the host machine. An easy solution would be to give them a ssh access to the host machine with servers like [sshd](https://www.openssh.com/). However, this would give them access to the whole host machine, which is not what we want. Indeed, we want to limit the access of the clients to their own repositories, and not to the whole host machine. And pose a great security risk.

Reviewer: `And pose a great security risk.` What does this mean? Has this been left out?

Author: yep

fix: 8e2d312eab5b72e85448f74f8bd8976518f9ac46

How can we trigger the build of the image ? For a first version, we chose to use [git hooks](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks) to trigger a bash script which will build the image on the host machine. This is not scalable, as the build is done on the host machine. It also poses questions about security risks since our ssh server needs to be able to access the docker daemon on the host machine. But it is a good first step to test the concept.

Some builders might not be able to build the code without configuration, hence, we need to be able to configure the buildpacks. To do so, the client can store a file called `buildpacks.json` in the `paastech` directory which will allow the user to configure the buildpacks. The file is a json file, which contains the configuration of the buildpacks. It is then used by the git hook to configure buildpacks. Here's the structure of the file:

> ```json

Reviewer: Change from JSON to TS, as this is not the JSON syntax

Author: its not been converted to yaml as per specifications from the cli @BioTheWolff
